PYVI Python package
-------------------

Copyright (C) 2014,2015 LESS Industries S.A.

Author: Lucas Chiesa <lucas@lessinduestries.com>

This software is released under the:
"Creative Commons Non Commercial Share Alike 4.0 license"

Whan can and can't you do: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/
The full text can be found: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/legalcode

Warranties and Liability
------------------------
(Section 5 of the license is transcribed here for convenience)

a. Unless otherwise separately undertaken by the Licensor, to the extent
possible, the Licensor offers the Licensed Material as-is and as-available, and
makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the Licensed
Material, whether express, implied, statutory, or other. This includes, without
limitation, warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, non-infringement, absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the
presence or absence of errors, whether or not known or discoverable. Where
disclaimers of warranties are not allowed in full or in part, this disclaimer
may not apply to You.

b. To the extent possible, in no event will the Licensor be liable to You on
any legal theory (including, without limitation, negligence) or otherwise for
any direct, special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, exemplary,
or other losses, costs, expenses, or damages arising out of this Public License
or use of the Licensed Material, even if the Licensor has been advised of the
possibility of such losses, costs, expenses, or damages. Where a limitation of
liability is not allowed in full or in part, this limitation may not apply to
You.

c. The disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability provided above
shall be interpreted in a manner that, to the extent possible, most closely
approximates an absolute disclaimer and waiver of all liability.

